µCBLOG
  by Ulisses Montenegro

== DESCRIPTION:

µCblog is a (intentionally) vulnerable blog application, written on Ruby
on Rails, which I have successfully used in my classes on secure web
application development. The application is being continually extended,

=== DISCLAIMER:

Even though I have spent some time trying to make the application look good
enough, it is EXTREMELY vulnerable as is, and should never be used on a
production environment.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Apart from Ruby 1.8.x, µCblog has very few requirements. It was developed
using Rails 2.3.5, and uses SQLite3 for database storage. On any modern
system supporting Ruby 1.8 and Rubygems, installing the requirements is as
simple as running:

  $ gem install rails --version=2.3.5
  $ gem install sqlite3-ruby

Mongrel is also recommended when performing stressful security scans on the
application, as Rails' default WEBrick can be a bottleneck. Also, Mongrel's
output is a lot more verbose, which of course is a rather useful feature
when trying to figure out how to exploit a given aspect of the application.

  $ gem install mongrel

== INSTALLATION:

Simply obtain the code from Github, initialize the databases and run the
server script:

  $ git clone git://github.com/urma/ucblog.git
  $ cd ucblog
  $ rake db:migrate
  $ ruby script/server

The application should then be available at http://localhost:3000/, and
a default user (login: admin/password: secret) is available for login.

Currently there is no user admnistration interface, which means users must
be created manually. The easiest way of doing so is by running the
Rails console:

  $ ruby script/console
  >> User.create(:login => 'some_login', :real_name => 'Some User', :email => 'some_email@domain.com', :password => 'some_password', :enabled => true)
  => #<User id: 2, login: "some_login", real_name: "Some User", email: "some_email@domain.com", password: "some_password", enabled: true, created_at: "2010-11-03 21:54:07", updated_at: "2010-11-03 21:54:07">

There will eventually be an administrative interface in the application, which
will also add a completely new set of vulnerabilities to it.

